added link + typo (#16)
apache/flink-training: ride-cleansing/README.md

### Input Data

> This series of exercises is based on stream of `TaxiRide` events, as described in [Using the Taxi Data Streams](../README.md#using-the-taxi-data-streams).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exercise is based on a stream of `TaxiRide` events, as described in [Using the Taxi Data Streams](../README.md#using-the-taxi-data-streams).
```
